hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is just a quick update
video first I hit a hundred thousand
subscribers the other day and like
that's the big one
thank you so much for all the support
and love and appreciation and time that
you guys spent watching my content do
you guys it really means a lot you guys
basically turned a channel that had zero
subscribers last year in January of 2015
I had zero subscribers into something
that is such a big part of my life now
and like you guys are to thank for it
thank you so much we've made this
community that's just awesome and every
time I get to make a video and share it
with you guys it's just it's the best
thing in the world thanks a lot
the second thing are the monitors
there's two extra monitors there from
normal I'm gonna be moving this whole
set up to a different table in a
different part of the office just in
case you're wondering why I have three
monitors on a table that's obviously too
small for them and the last thing is the
giveaway now I wish I had a hundred
thousand phones to give to you guys but
I don't because Lou has them all instead
I'm giving away the next best thing
well kind of this is the biggest thing
I've given away on this channel it's an
HP Envy 13 so this is a laptop that I
haven't actually done the video for this
yet or haven't published it yet it's a
thin and light laptop it's a great
device the review for that should be out
shortly the second thing I'm giving away
is a 2nd gen moto 360 that's a
SmartWatch that I also didn't do a video
for but it's a great SmartWatch if
you're looking for them I'll link a
couple reviews down below and the third
thing I'm gonna weight is the white
mouse pad now for those that have been
around on this channel since the
beginning you will recognize the white
mouse pad or you might and it's
basically it's my favorite mouse pad
it's from SteelSeries they don't make
them anymore it's white it's super cool
and behind it's probably not a lot of
people but in case you want one it has a
chance to win it
and to enter this contest all you do is
write one comment down below of which
prize you want to win so you can only
enter for one prize and you'll be
entered into that pool of people who
want that particular prize and this is
an international contest so it does
matter where you live in the world you
can win yeah so basically if you want
the white mousepad theoretically there'd
be like the fewest number of people
going for this thing you would have the
highest chances of winning just because
there's fewer entries and the laptop
would theoretically have the most
entries and therefore the lowest chance
of winning but that's basically it the
contest is gonna run for two weeks I'm
going to be doing the draw on February
5th and then on February 6th or 7th or
sometimes early after the fifth I'll be
doing the draw and I'll be announcing
the winner on Twitter so follow me there
and I might unlikely not sure yet I
might be at the team crispy live thing
on February 6th in LA so if you're
interested in going to that I might be
there or if you're just interested in
seeing the team crispy people you should
head over to that anyways that's the end
of this video I hope you guys enjoyed it
good luck it's been nice I'll see you
guys next time